You shut up
Ma Shiyu
How dare you hit me with this dog thing on my left shoulder
One more word.
Just get out of here!
Dr. Ye, please treat my father ASAP.
Wait a minute.
What's the matter uncle
I think Xiaohui is right.
This hairy boy is a hanging boy
Be a hooligan
And so presumptuous
In case your father is executed by him
Who will bear this responsibility?
Yes, it's this person. When have you been there?
How could he be a genius doctor?
Could it be a counterfeit?
It seems that the eyes of the big men of your Duan family
Better than a little girl
It's ridiculous
Your father now commands everything
I believe that Ye can live forever
Are you going to let Dad die?
Experts are still working on it
It would be useful if he were an expert
Why did I invite Dr. Ye here?
Okay, if you keep talking like this
Mr. Duan is really going to die
Please also ask Dr. Ye to treat my father as soon as possible
I take full responsibility if anything goes wrong